Add AWS Extension Node Documentation (#29)
ansible/aap-docs: stories/topics/ref-aap-aws-add-extension-nodes.adoc

[id="ref-aap-aws-additional-configs-update-admin-password"]

= Adding extension nodes to {PlatformNameShort} from {Market}

By default, only the foundation stack is deployed with 2 {ControllerName} nodes and 1 {HubName} node. Execution nodes can be added to scale out {PlatformNameShort} from {Market}.
Follow these steps to add execution nodes into your {PlatformNameShort} from {Market} environment:

. Open the {ControllerName} Launch Configuration
.. Navigate to the AWS CloudFormation UI and click the *Resources* tab. Ensure *Tree View* is selected in the top right corner.
.. Expand *controller*, then *autoscale-group*, then *Launch Config*.
.. Click the Launch Config Physical ID to open the launch configuration in a new tab.
. Create the extension node launch configuration
.. In the Launch configuration tab, ensure the {ControllerName} launch configuration is selected, then click *Copy to launch template*, then *Copy selected*.

> .. Replace the *New launch template name* with the name 'extension-group-template' and ensure the checkbox for *Create an Auto Scaling group using the new template* is checked. Click Copy.

Reviewer: Making this bold would make it easier to find
```suggestion
.. Replace the *New launch template name* with the name *extension-group-template* and ensure the checkbox for *Create an Auto Scaling group using the new template* is checked. Click Copy.
```

[id="ref-aap-aws-add-extension-nodes"]

= Adding extension nodes to {PlatformNameShort} from {Market}

By default, the foundation stack is deployed with two {ControllerName} nodes and one {HubName} node.
You can add execution nodes to scale out {PlatformNameShort} from {Market}.
Follow these steps to add execution nodes into your {PlatformNameShort} from {Market} environment:

.Open the {ControllerName} Launch Configuration

. Navigate to the AWS CloudFormation UI and click the *Resources* tab. Ensure *Tree View* is selected.
. Click menu:controller[autoscale-group>Launch Config].
. Click the Launch Config Physical ID to open the launch configuration in a new tab.

.Create the extension node launch configuration

. In the *Launch configuration* tab, ensure the {ControllerName} launch configuration is selected.
Click *Copy to launch template*, then *Copy selected*.
. Replace the *New launch template name* with *extension-group-template*.
Ensure the checkbox for *Create an Auto Scaling group using the new template* is checked.
Click btn:[Copy].
. For the Auto Scaling group name, enter `extension-group`.

> . Under *Launch Template*, click btn[Create a launch template version] to create a new version of the launch template.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Under *Launch Template*, click btn:[Create a launch template version] to create a new version of the launch template.
```
